README.md, before:

<img src="https://nshackblog.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/helixbase1.png" height="154px" width="200px" /><br />
A Sitecore Helix based solution which can be used for Greenfield projects. Tackles some common problems when working with the platform.

[<img src="https://nshack31.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/8aa245ff-435a-46cb-97a0-3d6850ff680f/1/badge"/>](https://nshack31.visualstudio.com/Helix%20Base/_build/index?definitionId=1)

#### Features include:

* Glass Mapper v5 - with fluent configuration and automated mapping registration
* Unicorn - including user and role sync
* Sitecore 9.1 ready
* Bootstrap v4
* Native dependency injection with auto controller registration
* A sample hero banner feature and sample site project for demonstration
* Generic content repositories (by Rendering, Item Context, or Glass Content)
* 301 redirects
* Version trimming rules engine - Items limited to 10 versions by default
* Search Templates computed index field - find all items from an index by any templates they implement
* Non admin Item Unlock
* Auto unlocks items when a user is deleted
* Integration with [helix-publishing-pipeline](https://github.com/richardszalay/helix-publishing-pipeline)
* Fast ([see?](https://github.com/richardszalay/Helixbase-HPP#benchmarks)) publish-on-build (when building inside Visual Studio)
* [_Show Title When Blank_](https://jammykam.wordpress.com/2017/09/20/show-title-when-blank/) patch, the forgotten Sitecore feature!
* A module just for fun - currently adds logos to the Unicorn console

## Setup Instructions
*Please Install Visual Studio 2017 Version 15.7 or higher as this project uses PackageReference

1. Install [Sitecore Experience Platform 9.1 Initial Release](https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_Experience_Platform/91/Sitecore_Experience_Platform_91_Initial_Release.aspx)
	1. _Name your instance 'demo.helixbase'_
2. Clone project to 'C:\Projects\Helixbase'
	1. _If you use another path, update the [z.Common.DevSettings.config](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Project/Common/code/App_Config/Include/Project/z.Common.DevSettings.config#L3)_
3. Build the project from inside Visual Studio
4. Run Unicorn and sync all configurations

#### Using Helix Base:
Refer to the [Hero Feature](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/tree/master/src/Feature/Hero/code) as an example.

* View [HeroService.cs](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Feature/Hero/code/Services/HeroService.cs) for examples of retrieving Sitecore items using the content API and the search API.
* View [Register routes](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Feature/Hero/code/Routes/RegisterRoutes.cs) for an example of how to register a route.

To add a 301 redirect simply add a redirect item to the _Redirect Items_ folder found in your site _Global_ folder.

To change the item version limit edit the rule on the _/sitecore/system/Settings/Rules/Item Saved/Rules/Delete Old Versions_ item. You can also change the rule to recycle or archive old versions. 

In the security editor you can assign non admin Item Unlock permissions.

If you do not require a feature you can easily delete it.

### Renaming Solution / Projects
To rename the Visual Studio Solution, Helix Module Projects and Project references from 'Helixbase' to a new project name, run [rename.ps1](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/tools/rename.ps1) -ProjectName [NewProjectName]'. 

## Build

Helix Base uses [helix-publishing-pipeline](https://github.com/richardszalay/helix-publishing-pipeline) and pre-configures a number of features.

* Content files from all modules are included in the publish
* Sitecore assemblies are excluded from publish, reducing the package filesize

Local publishing:

* Fast publish-on-build of the Local publish profile. This only adds a few seconds and won't recycle your app pool unless you change code. It even runs your debug Web.config transform!
* Old assemblies (Helixbase.*.dll) are automatically removed

CI/CD publishing:

* Unicorn files are automatically included into App_Data\unicorn. The only variables that needs to be set is `$(sourceFolder)` in [z.Common.DevSettings.config](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Project/Common/code/App_Config/Include/Project/z.Common.DevSettings.config#L3)

### Legacy Versions
Legacy versions of Helix Base which are no longer updated or maintained can be found below:

[Helix Base 9.0.2](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/tree/feature/9.0.2) (updated until 21/12/2018)

Commit message:

Change publish url to path as targetting IIS site breaks HPP auto publish

README.md, after:

<img src="https://nshackblog.files.wordpress.com/2017/02/helixbase1.png" height="154px" width="200px" /><br />
A Sitecore Helix based solution which can be used for Greenfield projects. Tackles some common problems when working with the platform.

[<img src="https://nshack31.visualstudio.com/_apis/public/build/definitions/8aa245ff-435a-46cb-97a0-3d6850ff680f/1/badge"/>](https://nshack31.visualstudio.com/Helix%20Base/_build/index?definitionId=1)

#### Features include:

* Glass Mapper v5 - with fluent configuration and automated mapping registration
* Unicorn - including user and role sync
* Sitecore 9.1 ready
* Bootstrap v4
* Native dependency injection with auto controller registration
* A sample hero banner feature and sample site project for demonstration
* Generic content repositories (by Rendering, Item Context, or Glass Content)
* 301 redirects
* Version trimming rules engine - Items limited to 10 versions by default
* Search Templates computed index field - find all items from an index by any templates they implement
* Non admin Item Unlock
* Auto unlocks items when a user is deleted
* Integration with [helix-publishing-pipeline](https://github.com/richardszalay/helix-publishing-pipeline)
* Fast ([see?](https://github.com/richardszalay/Helixbase-HPP#benchmarks)) publish-on-build (when building inside Visual Studio)
* [_Show Title When Blank_](https://jammykam.wordpress.com/2017/09/20/show-title-when-blank/) patch, the forgotten Sitecore feature!
* A module just for fun - currently adds logos to the Unicorn console

## Setup Instructions
*Please Install Visual Studio 2017 Version 15.7 or higher as this project uses PackageReference

1. Install [Sitecore Experience Platform 9.1 Initial Release](https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_Experience_Platform/91/Sitecore_Experience_Platform_91_Initial_Release.aspx)
	1. _Name your instance 'demo.helixbase'_
2. Clone project to 'C:\Projects\Helixbase'
	1. _If you use another path, update the [z.Common.DevSettings.config](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Project/Common/code/App_Config/Include/Project/z.Common.DevSettings.config#L3)_
3. Update the 'publishUrl' property in [Local.pubxml](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Website/code/Properties/PublishProfiles/Local.pubxml#L12) to the target IIS folder
4. Build the project from inside Visual Studio (which triggers HPP auto publish)
5. Run Unicorn and sync all configurations

#### Using Helix Base:
Refer to the [Hero Feature](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/tree/master/src/Feature/Hero/code) as an example.

* View [HeroService.cs](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Feature/Hero/code/Services/HeroService.cs) for examples of retrieving Sitecore items using the content API and the search API.
* View [Register routes](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Feature/Hero/code/Routes/RegisterRoutes.cs) for an example of how to register a route.

To add a 301 redirect simply add a redirect item to the _Redirect Items_ folder found in your site _Global_ folder.

To change the item version limit edit the rule on the _/sitecore/system/Settings/Rules/Item Saved/Rules/Delete Old Versions_ item. You can also change the rule to recycle or archive old versions. 

In the security editor you can assign non admin Item Unlock permissions.

If you do not require a feature you can easily delete it.

### Renaming Solution / Projects
To rename the Visual Studio Solution, Helix Module Projects and Project references from 'Helixbase' to a new project name, run [rename.ps1](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/tools/rename.ps1) -ProjectName [NewProjectName]'. 

## Build

Helix Base uses [helix-publishing-pipeline](https://github.com/richardszalay/helix-publishing-pipeline) and pre-configures a number of features.

* Content files from all modules are included in the publish
* Sitecore assemblies are excluded from publish, reducing the package filesize

Local publishing:

* Fast publish-on-build of the Local publish profile. This only adds a few seconds and won't recycle your app pool unless you change code. It even runs your debug Web.config transform!
* Old assemblies (Helixbase.*.dll) are automatically removed

CI/CD publishing:

* Unicorn files are automatically included into App_Data\unicorn. The only variables that needs to be set is `$(sourceFolder)` in [z.Common.DevSettings.config](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/blob/master/src/Project/Common/code/App_Config/Include/Project/z.Common.DevSettings.config#L3)

### Legacy Versions
Legacy versions of Helix Base which are no longer updated or maintained can be found below:

[Helix Base 9.0.2](https://github.com/muso31/Helixbase/tree/feature/9.0.2) (updated until 21/12/2018)
